Add a snapshot storage location migration guide (#146)
restatedev/docs-restate: docs/guides/snapshot-storage-migration.mdx

- Each partition ID appears `N` times (once per node)
- All rows show `LSN-LAG` of `0` (or consistently near `0`)

For example, with 8 partitions and 3 nodes, you should see 24 rows total.

</Step>
<Step title="Disable automatic log trimming">

Roll out a configuration update to disable automatic snapshots and switch to conservative durability mode:

```toml restate.toml
[worker.snapshots]
# Disable automatic snapshots by removing/commenting destination
# destination = "s3://old-bucket/prefix"

[worker]
# Use the strictest mode - requires BOTH replicas AND snapshots for trim
# When snapshot destination is not set, this halts all log trimming
durability-mode = "snapshot-and-replica-set"
```

This effectively disables both snapshotting and log trimming. The system will log a warning every 60 seconds: *"Detected cluster environment with no snapshot repository configured. Automatic log trimming is disabled..."* - this is expected during the migration.

Perform a rolling restart of all cluster nodes with the new configuration. Restart one node at a time, waiting for it to rejoin and partitions to become active before proceeding to the next node.

:::tip[Live traffic during migration]

> With partition replication matching cluster size, rolling restarts have minimal impact on live traffic. Requests in-flight on a restarting node may fail—use [idempotency keys](/develop/ts/service-communication#idempotent-invocations) to make retries safe.

Reviewer: Do we have a more place where we explain why users should send idempotent requests than the TS specific one?

> With partition replication matching cluster size, rolling restarts have minimal impact on live traffic. Requests in-flight on a restarting node may fail—use [idempotency keys](/develop/ts/service-communication#idempotent-invocations) to make retries safe.

Author: ```suggestion
With partition replication matching cluster size, rolling restarts have minimal impact on incoming ingress requests. Make sure to use [idempotency keys](//foundations/invocations#idempotency) with incoming requests to make retries safe and reduce error rates further.
```
